README.md, before:

PatRec
======

Pattern Recognition Project 18794

Basic Outline
=============

1) Data filtering and selection
	- Pull out the relevant users
	- Generate likeness factor (attractionFactor, digItFactor?)
2) Determine similar users
3) Predict establishment likeness factor for user
4) Recommend an establishment for the specified user

Current JSON Data
=================
- Extracted elite users into _user_reduced_elite__training.json (20054 users) -- Can be used to train characterizing user models
- Extracted all restaurants into _business_reduced_restaurants.json (14303 restaurants)
- Extracted set of sample users (non-elite) into _user_reduced_sample__test.json (2014 users) -- Can be used for testing
- Extracted top 50 reviewers into _user_reduced_top50.json

TODO: Expand Users by mapping Restaurant_Info->Reviews->Users

TODO v2.0
=========
- (IMPORTANT - FRITZ) Get user vector with restaurant types {  }
- (DONE) Expand restaurant information with Price Range, Geograpich Information, Average stars (Baseline/Restaurant Prior) -- REMARK: Added to new file .._mapping_ext.csv for visual validation with old file -- Difference: Switched user_id and business_id columns while still sorted by restaurants
- (DONE) Predict Rating -> Only for selected user
- (DONE) Add prediction baseline where predicted user rating is just restaurant avg
- (DONE) Clean-up validation code
- (DONE) Incorporate PCA
- (DONE) Move knn and pca to a similar user class
- Analysis for report: Best K, Best User Features
- Add restuarant data to recommendation

Secondary goals:
================
- DigIt factor (norm. star=star/avg.star)
- Recommendation filter for nearby restaurants
- Implement further intelligent clustering/classification scheme with K-Means/Naïve Bayes/GMM..

Commit message:

Added thought progress on establishing the user feature vectors with pseudo-code and description + Updated README

README.md, after:

PatRec
======

Pattern Recognition Project 18794

Basic Outline
=============

1) Data filtering and selection
	- Pull out the relevant users
	- Generate likeness factor (attractionFactor, digItFactor?)
2) Determine similar users
3) Predict establishment likeness factor for user
4) Recommend an establishment for the specified user

Current JSON Data
=================
- Extracted elite users into _user_reduced_elite__training.json (20054 users) -- Can be used to train characterizing user models
- Extracted all restaurants into _business_reduced_restaurants.json (14303 restaurants)
- Extracted set of sample users (non-elite) into _user_reduced_sample__test.json (2014 users) -- Can be used for testing
- Extracted top 50 reviewers into _user_reduced_top50.json

TODO v2.0
=========
- (UPDATED -- see below) Get user vector with restaurant types
- (DONE) Expand restaurant information with Price Range, Geograpich Information, Average stars (Baseline/Restaurant Prior) -- REMARK: Added to new file .._mapping_ext.csv for visual validation with old file -- Difference: Switched user_id and business_id columns while still sorted by restaurants
- (DONE) Predict Rating -> Only for selected user
- (DONE) Add prediction baseline where predicted user rating is just restaurant avg
- (DONE) Clean-up validation code
- (DONE) Incorporate PCA
- (DONE) Move knn and pca to a similar user class
- Analysis for report: Best K, Best User Features
- Add restuarant data to recommendation

Secondary goals:
================
- DigIt factor (norm. star=star/avg.star)
- Recommendation filter for nearby restaurants
- Implement further intelligent clustering/classification scheme with K-Means/Naïve Bayes/GMM..

Get user vector with restaurant types
=====================================
- The user_feature_matrix script has been updated with current progress
- A description explains the issues involved
- Pseudo-code added as an example demonstration of how the user vectors could be assembled
